Su Qingyu, that idiot.
When mother and grandmother return...
I'll make sure she pays.
Hmm.
Hahaha.
How is it? Ugly enough?
If you think it's not ugly enough, I can make it worse.
Yesterday, I was just angry for a moment.
You can't hold it against me, okay?
Good that you understand.
Hahaha, alright.
Since you're so obedient,
I won't tell mother about yesterday.
Thank you, sister, for your generosity.
Idiot, Lady Wang is here!
Coming!
Lady Wang from the Empress Dowager's side is notoriously strict.
Did no one teach you?
This makeup will probably be rejected in the first round.
How long has the emperor been asleep?
Have you called the imperial physician?
Replying to the Empress Dowager,
Imperial Physician Hu has already prepared a special calming incense for His Majesty.
He says His Majesty will wake up soon.
Empress.
What happened to the emperor?
Did something happen?
What is going on?
Isn't he dead?
Mother, you're still here.
Hmph.
It seems the emperor is still angry about the selection.
Now you're all grieving, and I don't dare say anything.
Emperor, I think you've been charmed by Noble Consort Yan.
Since ancient times, has any emperor ruled his harem for one person?
Now, not only are you breaking ancestral rules for a woman...
but you're even cursing me, the Empress Dowager.
I haven't done anything wrong.
Mother, what are you saying?
Today is the selection day.
Now the candidates have entered the palace, and you're still backing out?
Be careful, or you'll drown in the ministers' spit.
Quickly, get me dressed.
We'll be late otherwise.